//GAMELOGIC
        /*
            When a card is played, the code needs to check if any card has the same value as the played card.
            Every matching card gets added to the card stack of the player that has played the card.
            Furthermore cards with values ADDing up to the value of the played card get moved to the players card stack too.
            Cards without a numeric value like KING can only take other cards of the same value, this case only KINGs.
            If the player plays a card, there are two cases for when he takes all cards currently on the field.
            First one:
            There are two special cards in the game. The first of these being the J. This card may take all other cards on the field,
            without the values matching.
            The second one is the caro 7. It may either be played as a J or for the other case.
            Second one:
            When the played cards value matches all of the values of the cards on the field, then this is a Bazra.
            This rule also applies to the J. If there are only Js on the field then this is a Bazra.
            The caro 7 acts like a joker in this case. The caro 7 automatically becomes the value that allows for a Bazra,
            meaning any Bazra can also be done with a caro 7. There is only one exception. A J-Bazra is worth more points
            than a regular Bazra, which is why it may only be done by a J and not a caro 7.

            Every player receives 4 cards after all cards have been played. Field cards are only laid down by the computer
            at the start of a deck. If a player does not have a card with which he can take cards from the field or there are
            no cards on the field, he must play a card that gets added to the field.

            After all cards in the given number of decks have been played, all cards on each players stack are counted.
            The player with the most cards receives 30 points. If multiple players have the same amount of cards, each one
            receives 10 points. Furthermore each Bazra is worth 10 points, but as stated before, a J-Bazra is special and is worth 30 points.

            If no one has reached the designated number of points for a win, the deck(s) are played again.
            If more than one player has reached the number of points to win, the points to win will be increased and the deck(s) will be played again.
         */
        //GAMELOGIC